CLOUD-1697: added example of cli and runtime type detail (#17)
payara/Payara-Cloud-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/Getting Started.adoc

* If the above is not set and the WAR is built by Maven and the pom.xml is included within the archive (the default behavior for Maven war plugin) the artifactId is used as name.
* Finally, if the above 2 are not met, the name of the uploaded file is used as the application name.

> The application name is important as it is also the DNS name assigned to the container running your application and can be used to access the application directly from another application in the same namespace. The Runtime Type will select Payara 5, JDK 11 if application is of Jakarta EE 8 or less version and Payara 6, JDK 11 if application is of Jakarta EE 9 or higher version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application name is important as it is also the DNS name assigned to the container running your application and can be used to access the application directly from another application in the same namespace.
The Runtime Type allows option btn:[Payara 5, JDK 11] for application making use of Jakarta EE 8 API and btn:[Payara 6, JDK 11] for applications making use of Jakarta EE 10.
```

You’ll select your runtime size in the drop down box based on the amount of resources you need to allocate for this instance. The resources count against the included CPU of your subscription.

> You can change your runtime type to Payara 6, JDK 11 to use Payara 6 enterprise if application is of Jakarta EE 9 or higher version. The default runtime type is Payara 5, JDK 11 to use Payara 5 enterprise if application is of Jakarta EE 8 or less version.

Reviewer: Similar wording down here
